>> Sean Larkin: The next
one is the resolver.
So when I say a resolver,
who knows here what a resolver is, or
what it's purpose is?
So a resolver is just a fancy word for,
you give something,
you give it a partial path, and it's
gonna go make sure it exists, right, and
give you the full absolute path.
When you use a required statement in node,
it's running,
basically you send it to the module
resolver, right, to make sure it exists.
Well, that's the same thing.
We have created our own that's
asynchronous on top of, and
completely respecting of
the node module algorithm.
Well, so what happens is that,
when you pass your entry point to webpack.
We take it,
we give it to the resolver, and
we say, hey,
go find out if this exists, right?
So it goes and does the search.
It's like, okay, let's search relative
to where this file is that called it.
Okay, and let's go see,
is there a file here?
Great, let's go ahead and return.
Then what happens is, it returns
back a bunch of extra information.
So not only like, okay,
it was in this folder, and
here's the full request, right?
If is this is the absolute path, and
were there any query strings or
anything weird tied to it?
We're gonna provide you
that information as well.
And so we take that, and
we send it back, and
provide more detailed information
that other parts of webpack need.
All right, so and as you can see, so what
you might not know is that our resolver is
actually something you
can use outside webpack.
We published it to a separate package,
called enhanced-resolve.
So if you look inside our source code node
modules, I peeked in my node modules,
and you won't believe what I found.
[LAUGH] All right, if you go to E,
you actually see here that
enhance-resolve is a separate library,
and of course, all it is is plugins.
But we basically apply a metric ton of
plugins based, the configurations for
the resolve property in webpack,
all just map to specific plugins, right?
And so you can actually use this outside
in another utility for node, or whatever.
It's great, cuz it's way faster than
node synchronize resolver and pluggable.
So you can do insane amounts of things
when you can plug into this functionality
and alter it.
But really, there's not many hooks
just besides like, hey, it's when we,
well, I won't get too much
into the resolver hooks.
It's a little bit more complex.
And if you get there, send me a DM on
Twitter and we'll add you to a webpack
slack, and you'll end up being
a contributor to our project [LAUGH].
Okay, so
the next is called the Module Factories.
So who here knows in programming, what
a factory does, or have heard of the term?
If you're into Java or
does C# have factories?
I've never done C#.
Maybe, I'm not sure, or
if you used AngularJS.
Factories, all they do is they create
instances, right, they create objects.
That's the whole purpose.
And so, to us, a module factory is
gonna create a module instance, right?
And I say module factories,
because we have a couple different kinds.
So if we went to our source code again
in webpack, and we scroll through.
Let's see, I go all the way down.
There's actually two module factories or
two classes that end in module factory.
One is the normal module factory,
and of course,
you can guess it creates normal module
instances, which is another class.
And it has a bunch of hooks as well.
And then we also have
a context module factory.
So the difference between them is
supporting the expression inside of that
dynamic import statement.
That is a separate module factory.
So a little bit maybe extra
information you do need to care about.
So module factories,
it takes a successfully resolved request,
right, all that beautiful information
that we just got from the resolver.
And it's going to collect the source code.
So it's actually going to pull
the source code from the file.
It's gonna store it in
this module object in
memory,
>> Sean Larkin: And
then add some other information, as well.
So when you think about it,
here's the beautifully drawn diagram,
where we take that awesome information
we just got from the resolver.
We're gonna pass it through
the module factory, and
it's going to create a module
object out of it, right?